[kiosks] Remove the use of MatchAny filters when loading owned kiosks (#100)
MystenLabs/ts-sdks: .changeset/khaki-sloths-own.md

---
'@mysten/kiosk': minor
---

> Remove MatchAny filter when loading owned kiosks. This will result an extra request, and a change of cursor format when loading owned kiosks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove MatchAny filter when loading owned kiosks. This may result in an extra request, and a change of cursor format when loading owned kiosks
```
